we meet luciana from the source
designer of ca marí but today we are
in a different space a dog
tell us a little about this new
draft
this is the patisserie of domination that
It's a kind of place
of tribute to chocolate is huge where
You can see all this variety of desserts
delicious and the idea was to unite those
efforts with tamariz because as well as the
jewel is something that you saw and that still
it does not make chocolate feel good
also then was to put all these together
these products and be able to do something
new and different in addition to that they are
united are practically to each
contributes the vila de gràcia be
incommunicado by other things
show us your leg a little and we
you're talking and he's telling us about
everything
the chocolate part here is where the
chocolates here you can see the macaroni
the different presentations of
chocolate be rich and the córdoba is called
these are macaroni is a paste of
almond with sugar is as if it were a
alfajor let's say the alfajor wheat and
traditional
but this is 3 a European product and they are
the macaroni that these are from
different colors are different pasta
they also have a filler and
they are super soft you are in the
mouth bites us
the different chocolates with fillings
the filling of the forms you want most
that according to the taste that is as if
will be sent to be a jewel in the
chocolate in the beat design until
here as in relief
and here is a graphic with color
like with gold dust if they are really
which is an art is also a jewel but
in fact with the chair more inside
they also have an environment where after
the atmosphere seems super nice back
because he 's in a good time besides
have a wonderful fruit tea and with
all these beauties that are here that
we have to tell what it is if
the truth that this is a space
romantics are not only the
chocolates that we saw at the beginning but
also a variety of surprises
not now that the
in love and that many are thinking
how can I surprise even my girlfriend
so that she is my girlfriend I both ask her
or how you have seen me then here in
lyric marie anne worked on a project
of super-diverse presentations of
sweets and jewelry
the gift the best gift of life
can present in different ways
for example you have this box of buttons
in red chocolate color and the ring then
that I also feel that it can be
inside yourself if you can you can arm
the futures so that it is within the
chocolate ring 15 is a box of the
cliques jewelry you are a
expert in the composition from the jewel
of the chocolate and the jewel begins pact
with the ring
also the figure in this figure of the
boyfriends and in chocolates are cute we have
someone the muffins are realities of
the lovers just as it can be
any subject that is of the lovers
or of the couple the different
macaroni of different flavors not for
the pasta they have in the middle
the same with the rings
and then the boyfriends who want
separate your list or you want to come to
also suddenly make the request that
same here so it could be something cute
that come to a different new site and
surprise them also give us the
address the data so they can
approaching we are in avenue two
May 930 both the day as a camera and
our phones are the dressing room 5 9
376 9 and the day 3 17 10 57 so now
they know they have to come here to
make a special measure and also
present it in a beautiful way and
different thank you very much I congratulate you
for this new project also
we have many danced in style other
time thanks yes
A) Yes